.\" Copyright (c) 2014
.\"     iXsystems, Inc.  All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL Jordan Hubbard OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\" $FreeBSD: 

.\"
.Dd June 24, 2010
.Dt PC-SYSTEMFLAG 8
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm pc-systemflag
.Nd PC-BSD System inter-application notification system
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Ar flag
.Op Ar optional message
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm
utility is the shell entrance point to the PC-BSD cross-application 
notification system. It basically provides the ability for CLI 
applications and graphical applications to communicate basic information 
such when particular types of updates are available or completed. This 
ensures that any running applications (usually graphical) are able to 
update/refresh on demand and avoid duplicate background tasks.
.Pp
The following flags are available:
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It Ar PBIUPDATE
PBI update availability has changed
.It Ar PKGUPDATE
Package update availability has changed
.It Ar SYSUPDATE
System update availability has changed
.It Ar NETRESTART
Network access changed
.It Ar WARDENUPDATE
Warden update availability has changed
.El
.Pp
The following messages are available:
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It Ar WORKING
Applications is currently working
.It Ar ERROR
Application finished with an error
.It Ar SUCCESS
Application finished successfully
.It Ar UPDATE
Updates are available for the application
.It Ar UPDATING
Application is currently performing updates
.El
.Sh HISTORY
This version of
.Nm
first appeared in
.Fx 10.0 .
.Sh AUTHORS
.An Ken Moore Aq ken@pcbsd.org
